Thank you Hello, everyone slowly
It is this time that it is the third video single shot video
We will continue to the introduction of mod called door Mod
The streets all kinds of door of the name will be added to that door Mod
Door design with it yourself
You can decide the staff and how to move, etc. You can make the original door
This from next to this is an item added by putting a door mod
is
Right click
It's like a castle door rather than a door that opens like this A loud door opens like a sound
It sounds like a key
Next is Kore
This will slide to the left by right clicking
Restaurants and the like Kano automatic door
Even if there is a block next to it, it slides properly
There is also a spider version of the slide door
It can be opened with the lever or button in the same way as an ordinary iron door
Like this
This door is almost the same as an iron sliding door
Sounds like jailhouses
I'm like a prison
This door slides up
Cool
Of course it slides even if there is a block on the top
This door slides up and down
Like this
I think it is cool to connect two
It This is caused rather than a door
It can be used for Japanese style architecture
It looks like a curtain fitting room
There I opened the curtain there was a villager
Scold
This is good parentheses I feel likely come out stairs leading to the basement
This is used also connect many pieces thing that the garage door
It will move in the garage door lever or button
Open like a car garage
It looks like something like cotton
You can use this to make an original door
We decide how to open the door here
I do not understand well, so I will make it appropriate
Here is a place to put three blocks
First decide how to open
Light blue wool with a light here
So Then, to the door of the design that combines the three blocks placed now puts the left bank
Become
I wonder if something like this was too little appropriate
You can change the design, change the way you open, and create many types of doors
Asuka but this is disgusting
When I put three wools
It will be a door that feels pretty
I tried to make a door with only stone bricks
It looks like it can be used as a hidden door
I will try to change the way the door is opened
Ah ah ah
What a great move
I will forget the position of the door if there is no mark
Let's change the movement again and make it
At making something door has become fun
I heard something heavy
Apparently the number here is the time until the door opens
In other words, if this number is increased, it takes time until the door opens
The smaller the number, the opposite is
It seems that you can adjust the time until the door opens like this
This door is a great move too
If I make a door all the way like this, I will finish in this area because there is no penetration
It was an introduction of the door mod
It corresponds to 1.7 stores or 1.7 points 10 download url is in the description
I put it on
It is really fun to make the original door so please download it
Is
Thank you for watching
Thank you for watching until the end
Thank you for your subscription
If you are viewing on a PC, click here for channel registration
If you have a smartphone, please give me a link from the link in the description.
let's do it